So, you're leaving?
Dai: Yeah.
Brass: I'm sorry.
I really would like
to join you for this...
Only, if I take even
a step off this island,
I'll be under the
Dark Lord's control.
Dai: It's fine, Grampa.
You just wait here and
look after the others.
I promise you all; I'm going
to defeat the Dark King.
Dai...
Dai: Where's Gomechan?
I have... no idea.
Maybe he's hiding somewhere
because saying goodbye's
just too painful.
Dai: I see.
And Popp?
Oh...
He was crying all night,
so he's still asleep.
The poor boy had quite
a shock yesterday.
Hey, Grampa? Will you
take care of him, too?
Mhmm.
Popp: Master, don't go!
You can't leave me!
Avan: Popp, no matter
what you face, remember:
Use what you've
learned to help others.
Master! Wait! Don't.
[yelling]
No!
Come back...
Brass: Romos Kingdom
is the closest.
Head north, and keep going
straight until you see land.
Okay. So, that means
first I'll see King Romos.
Then I'll head to Papnica.
Watch yourself out there.
You got that?
Bye, everyone. Take care!
Wait!
How dare you!
What?! You're trying
to leave me here?!
C'mon!
Hey!
Alright, now don't
get the wrong idea.
I am definitely not about to
go fight the Dark Army, okay?
I just don't want to spend the
rest of my days on that island.
That's all.
Just so we're
crystal clear. Got it?
Seriously?
Okay. We're off!
Brass [thought]:
Good luck.
We'll be thinking
about you both.
[screaming]
[roaring]
-[whimpering]
-[roaring]
Mina: Somebody, help!
[roaring]
[proud chuckle]
I was so scared!
Hey... Are you okay?
I am. Thank you!
You're alone?
Mina: Mhmm.
And I... I can't
find my way home.
So... you're lost?
Yes. Oh, please...
Could you take me
back to my village?
Dai: Well, about that.
We, uh...
Mina: Pretty please?
We're... actually a little
bit lost ourselves.
[crying]
This is so pathetic!
I only followed you because
you said you've got this.
This place is a lot bigger
than Dermline Island.
What are we gonna do?
It's been three whole
days since we got here,
and we've been totally
lost the entire time!
[frightened gasp]
[roaring]
What kinda weapon is that?
Maam: Learn to see things
through, little Mage.
Oh yeah?
If you've got such a
problem with my magic,
then let's do this,
tough guy.
Oh...
What was that for?
You pervert!
A girl?
Mina: Maam!
Mina!
What a bad girl.
How many times now
have I told you;
don't go into the forest alone!
But... I had to!
Mommy was bitten
by a Poison Slime.
I was looking for an
Antidotal Herb.
Well, you should've come
straight to me, Mina.
Now... Are you sure
that everything's all right?
Yeah.
These two saved me from
the monsters just in time.
[awkward chuckle]
Thank you so much. I'm Maam.
We're both from Nayle Village.
It's just east of the forest.
My name's Dai,
and this is Popp.
We've been traveling together.
You're really strong, huh?
Well, you have to
be if you live nearby.
You can't afford to be weak
living next to the Dark Forest.
Why's that?
Maam: Ever since
the Dark Lord returned,
tons of his monsters have turned
up and started living out here.
And this place was already like
a maze before they arrived,
so the people of this
country began calling it
the Dark Forest as a warning.
That makes sense.
So, what brings the two
of you out this way?
They said they're lost.
We're looking for
Romos Palace.
Maam: The palace is straight
through the forest.
You can't miss it...
But listen, the sun's setting.
So why don't you come and
stay the night in our village?
I'd like to thank you for
saving little Mina here.
Really?! That sounds...
[shushing]
What's wrong, Popp?!
Popp: Forget that girl.
Let's just get out of here.
Why? They said we could stay!
You dummy!
We can either sleep
in some scrawny village,
or a big ol' palace.
C'mon. That's not
even a debate.
Hey, she might hear.
She does hear.
My village is scrawny,
as you've guessed.
So why don't you hurry along
and go get your dinner
at the palace now.
He didn't mean it.
Well, after dark,
all kinds of ferocious monsters
start prowling the area,
looking for their next meal.
So, you'd better get
through the forest quick.
But with your skills,
you'll probably wind up
in something's stomach.
Okay...
Sure! The two of us
can handle a few bushes.
Who needs your dumb
advice, anyways?
Uh... You guys?
[startled yelp]
Popp: C'mon, Dai.
Let's just go.
Before some more
"scary monsters" show up.
Maam, are you sure?
Oh yeah. Forget about them.
Oh...
Mina: I think
they forgot this.
Maam: A Slime?
[chirping]
Wow! So pretty.
Don't touch it, Mina!
But it's afraid.
Don't be mean.
I wasn't...
Mina: It's okay.
Come here.
Mina: So cute!
Those guys...
What are we supposed to do?
You know we can't
keep it, right?
Go after them.
All right. After we
get you home.
Popp: I'll show her!
That stupid, stuck up-
I swear I'll
get us out of here.
Oh, Popp.
Dai: We should have taken
her up on her offer.
Popp: Quiet...
And hurry up, too.
Zaboera: A servants
has located the boy, Dai,
in the Dark Forest.
Hadlar: I see. He must be
heading for Romos Castle.
Zaboera: The land of Romos
is Furfang Legion territory.
Hadlar: Then we must contact
the Legion Commander at once.
Hadlar: Crocodine...
Beast King Crocodine.
Who's there? What is it?
Hadlar: It is I, Hadlar.
Ah, Dark Commander, sir.
Forgive my rudeness.
Why should I?
I ordered you to take
over Romos Kingdom,
and you're napping.
It is a worthless kingdom.
Nothing but cowards, and not
a worthy warrior among them.
I only slumber to
stave off my boredom.
The Furfang Legion
can handle it without me.
A few more days,
and the region is ours.
You haven't changed.
But that's not why
I'm calling on you.
Someone who opposes us
is lost in the Dark Forest,
and he may be the
challenge you seek.
Ah... They're strong?
Hadlar: This is him.
His name is Dai,
and I want you to destroy him.
[laughing]
Hadlar: Is something funny?
Surely you jest, my liege.
I hold the title of Beast King.
I've never been defeated...
And you would have me
battle such a puny child?
He's young, but don't
underestimate him.
He possesses incredible power,
and I've seen it for myself.
In fact, he even
managed to best me.
Crocodine: What?
He must be stopped before
he can grow any stronger,
or he's sure to become
an even greater threat.
Interesting.
If this boy could
hurt someone like you,
then I'd love to fight him.
Indeed. I'm counting
on you, Beast King.
Popp: Great.
Another dead end.
Dai: I told you we should've
asked that girl for directions.
No way! I just can't stand
stuck-up girls like that.
Dai: So... What kind of
girls do you like?
Well, let's see.
Someone...
Beautiful, smart, too.
Rich would be great...
And they'll treat me
just like a king.
[chuckling]
Dai: Oh, Popp, wow...
You're a little
selfish, aren't you?
[roaring]
[alarmed gasps]
Oh, no. What now?
It's strong...
Whatever it is.
[roaring]
That means trouble...
[battle roar]
Dai: It's coming!
There you are, boy.
Who is this guy?
The name is
Beast King Crocodine,
Commander of one of the
six legions under Hadlar.
The mighty Furfang legion.
The six legions?
Crocodine: That's right.
The Dark Army is
divided into six forces-
each with their
own specialty.
The Undead Legion:
Made of warriors who have
overcome even death itself!
The Blizzblaze Legion:
Destroyers capable of freezing
or incinerating anything-
even an enemy's soul.
The Mystic Legion:
A league of Mages who
control unparalleled magic.
The Shadow Legion:
Hunters who strike from the
shadows, unseen and unknown.
The Dragon Legion:
A horde of the most
powerful monsters known.
And mine: The dreaded
Furfang Legion.
Crocodine: A pack
of fearless beasts!
Now, Dai...
By direct order of Hadlar,
you must perish.
If you wish to survive,
show me your true strength...
The strength which
allowed you to wound
even the Dark
Commander himself.
Stuff it...
Stupid Crocodile.
Popp: From what I'm hearing,
it sounds like
you're not much more than
another one of
Hadlar's underlings.
And even he had to turn tail and
run after trying to fight us.
An oaf like you will hardly
make us break a sweat.
Right, Dai?
Dai [thought]: You didn't
do anything last time.
[chuckling]
You think that's funny, do 'ya?
Just watch.
Yeah - 'cause I could
easily wipe you out
with one of my spells.
I don't even know who you are.
But go ahead and try.
Oh, yeah?! Here comes!
Frizz!
[horrified yell]
With just his breath?
A spell like that?
You could barely hurt a Slime.
My turn, you insolent
little fool.
[roaring]
[trembling]
Dai [thought]: When it
comes to raw power,
he's even stronger
than Hadlar!
[chuckle]
You shouldn't
underestimate your opponent.
A Legion Commander can
withstand far worse.
We all surpass Hadlar when
it comes to our specialties.
That's exactly why we were
chosen in the first place.
'Kay, Popp.
We are not going to beat
him if we fight head-on.
If you can cast
some distraction,
I think I can hit him.
Uh, Popp?
Hey!
No way! Thanks a lot...
[cackling]
The weakling
knows when to run.
A very wise choice.
Crocodine: My orders were
only to vanquish you, Dai.
So don't worry.
I'll spare him.
Here goes.
Sorry, Dai!
I hope you find
a way out of there.
[pained grunt]
Ow-ow. What the...
Popp: A-An Infanticore?
[furious roar]
[fearful blubbering]
[screaming]
Dai [thought]: He's a lot
faster than I thought he'd be.
What's wrong?
Stop avoiding it.
Give me a fight!
Here it comes, Crocodine.
What stance is that?
Avan Style Sword Technique!
Avan...
You mean the one
who defeated Hadlar?
The legendary Hero?
That's right.
He was my master.
Crocodine: I see...
Intriguing. So now you
carry on his will, do you?
You're a Disciple of Avan!
Yes, I am.
Come on!
Earth Slash!
Dai [thought]:
It didn't work?
How could Earth Slash
not even leave a scratch?
Dai [thought]: His hide
is as tough as steel!
[amused chuckle]
Not too bad.
But it'll take more than
a mere knife to hurt me.
Now hold still,
and see the might of
a true warrior's weapon.
It's a Whoosh spell!
Right. I can't
use magic myself
but my Vortex Axe is imbued
with wind-type incantations.
Dai [thought]: That's right.
Master mentioned this once.
Legendary weapons
enchanted to wield spells
when they're used as an item.
Vortex Axe... Howl!
Gotcha!
Dai [thought]:
This isn't going to work.
If I can't beat
him with strength...
Speed!
Yeah - I'll keep dodging
and see what happens
when I hit him
with a Wave Slash!
Crocodine: Now die.
What?
Curse you, brat.
-[roaring]
-[screaming]
Hold on!
[screaming]
Not you!
Jump to the side.
What?
Just jump!
Oh, right.
[battle cry]
Popp [thought]: Whoa...
She's even stronger than me!
Are you okay?
Uh... Yes?
What happened?
Well, you see, we were
attacked by the Dark Army.
Popp: I managed
to get away, but...
Where'd your friend go?
Uh, yeah...
About that...
You're telling me you
abandoned him in a fight?!
Well?!
Maam: Start talking.
Uh...
Huh?
[snarling]
That was a Frizz spell!
Popp [thought]:
With a weapon like that,
there's no way she's
just some ordinary girl!
[gasp]
This is...
It can't be...
An Insignia of Avan!
Popp: Then, you're also...
Oh!
Popp: Oh, I, uh,
didn't mean to...
[growling]
Crocodine: Vortex Axe!
This is it! Avan Style
Sword Technique...
Wave Slash!
[pained scream]
Heat Breath.
My secret attack.
I'm still impressed, Dai.
You managed to wound me.
Why can't I move?
That's enough, now.
You have fought very well.
You were far stronger than
any of the veteran
warriors I've bested.
Crocodine: It really
is a shame...
But I'll make it quick.
Dai!
Back off.
Crocodine: You won't stop me.
Dai, get up!
Popp: Why won't he run?
I think he must've
been paralyzed!
That's it! Your weapon!
Popp: Hold on.
Crocodine's our enemy.
Where are you aiming?
No, stop!
Popp: Dai!
Narrator: While Dai
and Crocodine's battle
continues in the Dark Forest,
the action reminds Maam of
her own training with Avan,
and a lesson he left
her with long ago.
But when Popp and Dai prepare
to head out for another bout,
Maam will make a
decision that could
alter the course of her life.
Can she accept her destiny?
Find out on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Maam's Turmoil."